1.  How to show a component using js and dom element
2.  How to hide a component using js and dom element
3.  How to navigate to component using js and dom element
4.  How to bind list using js and dom element
5.  How to execute Query API using js
6.  How to execute Web API using js
7.  How to perform cascade filter using dom element
8.  How to filter datasource using querystring, input element and literal values
9.  How to show and hide progress bar
10. How to show notification messages
11. How to validate form input using js and html atribute
12. How to define server fields and default value
13. How to bind form field to datasource fields
14. How to get current session details using c#
15. How to access current session id in sql
16. How to access current user id in sql
17. How to access current tenant id in sql
18. How to access search text and search value in sql
19. How to encrypt/decrpt parameters and return values
20. How to use repeater element and its callback
21. How to refresh input list using js
22. How to get current component in view
23. How to download a component in background
24. How to create global variables in ext js
25. How to design table list component
26. How to design a card list component
27. How to design a form component
28. How to design dropdown component
30. How to design a HTML component
31. How to design a droplist component
32. How to design a QueryAPI component
33. How to design a WebAPI component
34. How to bind input list to WebAPI
35. How to include create nested components
36. How to check value is empty usin js
37. How to secure application menu using js
38. How to show component in modal popup
39. How to show form component in view/edit mode
40. How to set theme and colour using js and css
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

QuickProcess is a low-code platform that makes building web application easy through the use of it's seven types of components

1.  Table List Component: This type of component can be used create a UI that displays records in a tabular manner
    A Table List component can display records from database objects like tables,views, custom sql query or web api, and display the result data in tabular form with searching, pagination, sorting and export capability

2.  Card List Component: This component is very similar to the Table List component, but displays data in card form such that each record is represented as a bootstrap card

3.  Dropdown List Component: This type of component is used to bind an input field to database tables, views, custom sql query and web api, to display records as a list of options.
    The Dropdown component can be bound to HTML select input to display list of record options. It can also be bound to QuickProcess custom inputs like Autocomplete and CheckList

4. 
